.TH "SOPLOS-PLYMOUTH-MANAGER" "1" "2026-03-15" "Soplos Linux" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
soplos-plymouth-manager \- Advanced graphical Plymouth theme manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B soplos-plymouth-manager
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B soplos-plymouth-manager
is a comprehensive GTK3 graphical manager for Plymouth boot splash themes.
It provides an intuitive interface for:
.IP \[bu] 2
Listing and selecting installed Plymouth themes.
.IP \[bu]
Generating and viewing theme previews.
.IP \[bu]
Installing new themes from compressed archives (.tar.gz, .zip).
.IP \[bu]
Applying themes and automatically updating initramfs using Dracut.
.IP \[bu]
Removing unwanted themes from the system.
.P
The application requires root privileges for system-wide changes and uses pkexec for elevation.
It is fully compatible with XFCE, GNOME, and KDE Plasma on both X11 and Wayland.
.SH OPTIONS
The application has no command-line options. All management is performed through the graphical user interface.
.SH KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS
.TP
.B Ctrl+Q
Quit the application.
.TP
.B F5 / Ctrl+R
Refresh the theme gallery.
.TP
.B Ctrl+A
Apply the currently selected theme.
.TP
.B Ctrl+P
Preview the currently selected theme.
.TP
.B Ctrl+I
Open the theme installation dialog.
.TP
.B Delete
Remove the currently selected theme.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /usr/share/plymouth/themes/
The primary directory where Plymouth themes are installed.
.TP
.I /etc/plymouth/plymouthd.conf
Main Plymouth configuration file.
.TP
.I /usr/share/soplos-plymouth-manager/
Application resources and assets directory.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Sergi Perich <info@soploslinux.com> for the Soplos Linux project.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2026 Sergi Perich.
License: GPL-3.0-or-later <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR plymouth (8),
.BR dracut (8),
.BR soplos-grub-editor (1),
.BR soplos-welcome (1)
